 
Borrower                                          Co -Borrower 1                          Co -Borrower 2                                      Guarantor  
  
 
AGREEMENT FOR VEHICLE / MACHINERY LOAN  
 
This Loan Agreement made at the place and date mentioned in the 
Schedule by and amongst ESAF SMALL FINANCE BANK LIMITED , a banking 
company licensed under Section 22(1) of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, 
and incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, having 
its registered office at Building No. VII/83/8, ESAF Bhavan, Mannuthy P.O, 
Thrissur - 680 651, Kerala, hereinafter referred to as "the Bank” which term 
shall mean and include its successors and permitted assigns)  
  
AND  
 
The “ Borrower ”, whose name and address are mentioned in the Schedule . 
 
The expressions "Borrower" and the "Bank", unless repugnant to the 
context thereof, shall include their respective heirs, representatives, 
successors, executors, administrators and assigns.  
 
WHEREAS:  
(A) The Bank is engaged in the business of a small finance bank.  
(B) The Borrower has sought financial assistance for the amount as 
mentioned in the Schedule (“Loan ”) and for the purpose more particularly 
described in the Schedule (“Purpose ”). 
(C) The Bank has granted/ agree d/continue to grant , based on the 
Borrower’s request, representations, warranties, covenants and 
undertakings as contained herein and in the Loan Application and other 
documents executed or tendered by th e Borrower in relation to the Loan, 
loan /s as specified in the  Schedule to the Borrower and the Borrower has 
agreed to borrow the Loan from the Bank on the terms and conditions 
mentioned below.  
NOW THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSETH AS FOLLOWS:  
1. DEFINITIONS  
a) "Assets"  shall mean all the v ehicle/ machinery/ equipment and / 
or any other assets, whether moveable or immoveable, primarily secured 
and or offered or caused to be offered as security in favor of the Bank by 
the Borrower for the due repayment of the Loan granted/ to be granted by 
the Bank.  
b) “Hypothecated Assets” means all assets hypothecated to the 
Bank including book debts and securities, fixed assets, goods and assets and 
all moveable properties and vehicles, plant and machineries.  
c) “Borrower”  means the person who se name appears in the 
Schedule as the Borrower and executing this Loan Agreement as Borrower.  
d) “Co-Borrower(s) ” means one or more persons whose names 
appear/s in the Schedule as the Co -Borrower and executing this Loan 
Agreement as Co-  
Borrower and each one  being deemed to have made this Loan Agreement 
individually and in case of more than  
 
one, all of them having agreed to the liabilities, co- existing with the 
Borrower hereunder jointly and severally and the term “ Co-Borrower(s) ” 
shall include her/his/thei r respective heirs, executors, administrators and 
legal representatives and permitted assigns.  
e) “Default/ Penal Interest Rate ” means the rate at which the Bank 
shall compute and apply interest on all amounts due for payment by the 
Borrower to the Bank as st ated in the Schedule or as may be amended from 
time to time by the Bank.  
f) "Due Date"  means the date(s) on which any amounts in respect 
of the Borrower's Dues including the Principal amounts of the Loan, interest 
and/or any other monies fall due as specified  in the Loan Terms and other 
Transaction Documents.  
g) “Interest Rate ” means the rate at which the Bank shall compute 
and apply interest on the Loan, as stated in the Schedule to this Loan 
Agreement or as may be amended from time to time by the Bank and shall 
include the Default/ Penal Interest Rate wherever applicable.  
h) "Loan Application”  means, as the context may permit or 
require, Loan Application Form submitted by the Borrower to the Bank for 
applying for and availing of the Loan and all other information, particulars, 
clarifications and declarations, if any, furnished by the Borrower or Co-
Borrower/s from time to time in connection with the Loan.  
i) “Loan Balances ” means the outstanding principal amount of the 
Loan, interest payable  and other charges, fees, costs, commitments,  
 
 expenses, stamp duty and all other sums whatsoever payable by the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) to the Bank in accordance with this Loan 
Agreement and accompanying transaction documents.  
j) "Post Dated Cheques" ("PDC")  mean the cheques issued by the 
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) in favour of the Bank for repayment of the Loan 
Amount with interest.  
k) "Prepayment"  means premature repayment of the Loan before 
the due date as per the terms and conditions laid down by the Bank in that behalf and as in force  at the time of prepayment.  
l) "Sanction Letter"  means the letter issued by the Bank 
sanctioning the Loan and includes the letter/s modifying or amending the 
terms . 
m) "Schedule"  means and includes the Schedule attached hereto 
and forming an integral part of thi s Agreement and also includes all 
amendments if any made from time to time.  
n) “Security ” shall mean such security as may be created or agreed 
to be created by the Borrower/Co- Borrower /Guarantor  in favour of the 
Bank to secure the payment of the Loan Balances  by the Borrower to the 
Bank.  
o) "Transaction Documents”  include this Agreement toget her with 
all Schedules annexed hereto, all amendments to this Agreement, letters 
issued by t he Bank to the Borrower which are deemed to be Sanction Le tter 
for the purposes of this Agreement, the applications by t he Borrower to avail 
the Loan a nd all other agreem ents, instruments, undertakings, indentures, 
deeds, writings and other documents (whether financing, security or 
otherwise), executed or entered into or to be executed or entered into, by 
the Borrower or as the case may be, any other per son, in relation or 
pertaining to the transactions contemplated b y or under this Agreement 
and/or the other Transaction D ocuments and e ach such T ransaction 
Document as a mended from time to time. 
p) "Vehicle" or "Commercial Vehicle"  means the Vehicle described 
in the Loan Application and more particularly in Schedule, which is sought 
to be purchased by the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) and / or sought to be 
financed by the Bank and includes the chassis and the body to be 
constructed/fitted on the chassis and all accretions, additions and 
accessories (including any additional body building/modification works, 
additional components and engine/part upgrades etc.) made / done to the 
Vehicle (s).  
q) In this Loan Agreement, unless otherwise expressly stated or the 
context otherwise requires:  
i. The headings are inserted for convenience only and shall not 
affect the construction of this Loan Agreement;  
ii. references to one gender includes all genders;  
iii. words in the s ingular shall include  the plural and vice versa;  
iv. the Bank and the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) are hereby 
individually referred to as the ‘Party’ and collectively referred to as the 
‘Parties’.  
2. PURPOSE OF THE LOAN  
The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) is /are  engaged in the activity mentioned in 
the Schedule and the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) agrees to utilize the Loan 
only for th at Purpose.  
3. TERMS AND CONDITIONS  OF THE LOAN  
a) Amount of Loan : Bank hereby agrees to lend  and the 
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) agrees to borrow  the sum as specified in the 
Schedule on the terms and conditions contained herein.  
b) Period of Loan:  Period of the Loan shall be as specified in the  
Schedule and the same may, at the sole and absolute discretion of the 
Bank, be renewed/extended for such further periods,  upon such terms and 
conditions as may be informed by the Bank. This Loan Agreement shall hold 
good for any such renewal/extension.  
c) Charges, Taxes and other Expenses:  
The Borrower/ /Co-Borrower(s) also undertakes to pay to the Bank, all 
expenses, interest and charges incurred by the Bank in relation to this Loan Agreement including taxes, stamp duties, document charges, legal fees, transfer fees, registration charges, court fees, insurance and all other 
expenses for enforcement of the repayment as specified  in the Schedule 
and the Borrower /Co-Borrower(s) shall pay them forthwith on demand by 
the Bank along with interest thereon from the date the same are incurred 
by the Bank until paid by the Borrower to the Bank:  
  
Borrower                                          Co -Borrower 1                          Co -Borrower 2                                      Guarantor  
i. all other fees, charges, costs and expenses  from time to time 
specified by the Bank (including all costs and expenses incurred or paid by 
the Bank) in relation to this Loan Agreement and/or any Security (if any) 
including those incurred for repossession and/or sale of any Security (if any) 
and/or f or recovery of the Loan Balances or any part thereof. If the Bank, in 
its discretion or in terms of any statutory requirement, makes such payments, the Borrower /Co-Borrower(s) undertakes to pay the same to the 
Bank within 10 days of being informed by the B ank of the same, along with 
interest in respect of the Loan.  
ii. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s undertakes to pay forthwith on 
demand to the Bank all costs and expenses  on a full indemnity basis 
incurred and or to be incurred by the Bank for inspection of 
Vehicle /equipment offered as security and for the preparation, execution, 
preservation, performance, enforcement and realization of the outstanding Loan Amount, security documents and other instruments creating and/or 
evidencing the creation of any security for t he Loan as also any other 
instruments required in connection with the Loan.  
d) Margin:  The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) agrees to contribute a 
percentage of the total estimated cost/amount required for the Purpose for 
which the Loan is being obtained as specified in the Schedule . If there is any 
cost/amount escalation, the entire additional cost/amount shall be brought 
in by the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) as margin.  
e) Joint and several liability : Where the Loan is provided to more 
than one Borrower (to the Borrower and the Co -Borrower(s)), the liability  
of each of the Borrower (including the Co- Borrower(s)) to fulfil the payment 
obligations and compliance of each of the terms and conditions under this 
Loan Agreement is joint and several. The Borrower (including the Co -
Borrower(s)) shall ensure performance of this Loan Agreement in a 
harmonious manner such that they act in the capacity of a single borrower.  
4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT  
The Bank shall not be obliged to disburse all or any of the Loan Amount 
unless and until: 
(i) The Bo rrower has delivered to the Bank a certified true copy of all 
the approvals, if any, required for the purpose of availing the Loan, as also 
execution of the necessary documents in this behalf as also other documents 
as may be prescribed by the Bank from ti me to time;  
(ii) The Borrower has executed and/or delivered to the Bank such 
post -dated cheques, guarantees and other documents as the Bank may from 
time to time require and  
(iii) The “Know Your Customer” (KYC) and such other conditions as 
may be prescribed by RBI f rom time to time, are complied with by the 
Borrower.  
5. DISBURSEMENT  
a. Disbursement of the amount of the Loan shall be at Bank’s 
absolute discretion and Bank shall not be obliged to disburse the Loan unless the Borrower /Co-Borrower(s) has complied with such other 
conditions as the Bank may impose under  this Agreement or any other 
Transaction Document/s . 
b. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) agrees that the Bank shall release 
the Loan  only after the proportionate margin amount is invested by the 
Borrower//Co- Borrower(s)  and remitted to the Bank, as stipulated in the 
Schedule . 
6. PRE-REQUISITES  FOR DISBURSEMENT:  
i. In consideration of the Bank advancing to the Borrower/Co-
Borrower(s) the said Loan, the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) agrees and hereby 
exclusively hypothecates/agrees to hypothecate the vehicle(s) /machinery/ies  purchased /to be purchased together with all 
accessories and additions to or in the vehicle(s)/machinery/ies , as 
mentioned in the Schedule annexed hereto or addendum attached thereto, 
whether present or future, by way of first and exclusive charge to the Bank.  
ii. The security hereby created by way of hypothecation shall be 
deemed to be created immediately on signing of this Agreement or delivery 
of the vehicle /machinery, whichever is earlier.  
iii. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) agrees and undertakes to have 
the vehicle(s) registered with the appropriate Registering Authority, with an 
endorsement in favour of the Bank (as provided for in the Motor Vehicles 
Act, 1988 or any statutory amendment thereof) so as to clearly express that 
the vehicle(s) is/are hypothecated to the Bank and to submit a copy of the 
Registration Certificate(s) with the endorsement  thereof  to the Bank.  
iv. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) undertake to get the 
endorsement in favour of the Bank made on the Registration Cer tificate(s) 
within a period of 10 (ten) days from the date of delivery of the vehicle(s) to 
confirm and record the fact that the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) has hypothecated the vehicle(s) in favour of the Bank. The Parties hereto agree 
that the said endorseme nt on the Registration Certificate(s) shall operate as 
conclusive evidence of such hypothecation.  
v. The charge/security created by the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) 
under this Agreement shall be a continuing security for the amounts due 
from time to time under the  said Loan and shall continue and remain in 
force till such time all other dues under this Agreement from the Bank are 
fully discharged and the Bank issues a Certificate of Discharge. The security 
created under this Agreement and the liability/obligation of the 
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall not be affected, impaired or discharged by 
winding up (voluntary or otherwise) or by any merger or amalgamation, 
reconstruction, takeover of the management, dissolution or nationalization 
(as the case may be) of the Borr ower/Co- Borrower(s).  
vi. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) undertakes to further secure the 
Loan and create such further security and execute such other documents as 
may be required by the Bank from time to time with regard to the Loan.  
vii. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) s hall execute on demand by the 
Bank such further documents as may be required by the Bank to perfect the Security and/or vest the Hypothecated Assets or any of them in favour of 
the Bank and to render the same readily realizable or transferable by the Bank at any time.  
7. REPAYMENT:  
a) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) undertakes to pay to the Bank, 
the Installments more particularly mentioned in the Schedule hereunder till 
the entire Loan with interest, cost etc. is repaid along with any other 
charges, premium, fees, t axes levies or other dues and damages set out in 
this Loan Agreement.  
b) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall arrange for the payment of 
the Installments, as stipulated in the Schedule , from his/her /their  current/  
savings Bank account, mentioned in the Schedule and in case any amount is 
left outstanding in the said Loan account by way of principal or interest on 
account of delayed payment of i nstallments, interest accrued during the 
holiday period, any other debits made in the account or for any other valid 
reasons, the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall pay the said amount in 
lumpsum or in such installments stipulated by the Bank in its absolute 
discretion and liquidate the account. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) also 
agrees to provide Electronic Clearing Service (ECS)/S tanding Instructions 
(SI)/Automated Clearing House (ACH) mandate as and when required by 
the Bank.  
c) Without prejudice to the above, the Bank will also have the right 
to charge and the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) will remain liable to pay the 
Default/Penal Inter est Rate at such rate as may be prescribed by the Bank 
and/or the RBI, from time to time, in case the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s):  
i. Defaults in payment of instalments on their due dates;  
ii. violates any of the terms and conditions contained in this Loan 
Agreement;  
iii. allows the Loan account to become irregular/out of order/non -
performing asset; or  
iv. the credit rating of the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) is downgraded 
or on account of changes in risk weight stipulated by RBI;  
v. or on any other circumstances, as the Bank may deem  fit and 
necessary  
provided that the charging or payment of such Default/Penal Interest rate shall be without prejudice to other rights and remedies of the Bank.  
d) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall, if so,  required by the Bank, 
execute in favour of the Bank a letter of authority, addressed to his/her 
employer to recover and pay to the Bank the Installment from the salary of 
the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) every month. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) 
shall also furnish to the Bank salary deduction undertaking from the  
employer of the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s), if so,  required by the Bank.  
e) Default in payment of any of the installments or any part thereof 
will make the entire balance then outstanding with interest, costs, 
commissions, and charges shall, if the Bank so choo ses, at once become 
due and payable.  
f) All payments made by the Borrower shall be appropriated 
towards the dues in the following order viz.  
g) Premium on prepayment (if applicable), cost, charges, expenses 
and other moneys;  
h) Interest on cost, charges, expenses a nd other moneys;  
i) Commitment charges, if applicable;  
j) Interest including additional interest payable hereunder;  
k) Penal interest on defaulted amounts/irregular portion and  
l) Repayment of principal due and payable hereunder . Borrower    Co-Borrower 1     Co-Borrower 2      Guarantor  
8. INTEREST  
a) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) agrees to pay interest at the
Rate /s and the rests specified under the Schedule  of this Loan Agreement.
b) Notwithstanding the above, the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) 
agrees that the Interest Rate may increase/decrease on account of th e
d
irectives of the Bank/RBI and in that case the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) 
agrees to pay interest at such revised rate. The Bank will have absolute
liberty and discretion to re -fix the amount of Installment and in that event,
the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall be liable to repay the Loa n with the
revised Interest Rate at such revised Installments or the Bank may, at it s
s
ole and absolute discretion, extend the period of repayment mentioned
hereinabove. In the event of any amendment/  alteration to the amount of
Installment and/or the number of Installments on account of the above
reasons, the same shall be deemed to have been substituted here in thi s
L
oan Agreement.  
c) Interest Rate will be computed from the respective date of
drawal, which is either in lumpsum or in stages, on the daily debit balance
of such Loan account and shall become payable upon the footing of
compound interest with monthly rests or such other rests as may be
prescribed by the Bank from time to time. The interest will start accruingfrom the date of disbursement of the Loan or the date of disbursement of
the first installment, where such Loan is disbursed in stages.  
d) Interest on the outstanding amounts under the
facilities/discount or other charges when debited to the relevant account
by the Bank, shall be calculated on the daily debit balance of such account.In the event of remittance being made into the account after normal
business hours, but within the extended business hours, the Bank will have
the discretion to value date of such remittance on the succeeding business  
day for the purpose of calculation of interest.  
e) The Bank shall, at any time, by publication in the notice board of 
the concerned Branch of the Bank/website of the Bank, be entitled to
charge Interest Rate at such higher effective rate or rests than the rate and
rest mentioned in this Loan Agreement, on account of revision of Bank’sMCLR (Marginal Cost of funds- based Lending Rate)/RLLR (Repo Linked
Lending Rate of the Bank) and in accordance with the rate and/or rest
revised or varied by the Bank  from time to time . The Borrower/Co-
Borrower(s) specifically waives notice of any variation in the Interest
Rate/rest and the notice published in the notice board of the concernedBranch of the Bank/website of the Bank or entry regarding debit of interest 
in the stat ement of account shall be deemed to be sufficient notice of
variation in Interest Rate/rest to the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s). Further, the 
Bank will be entitled to effect changes in the ‘spread’ from time to time.  
f) If the Borrower/Co -Borrower(s) commits defau lt or delay in
payment/repayment of any Installment, the Loan, interest or any otheramount, entire outstanding amounts shall carry interest at the
Default/Penal Interest Rate and shall be computed from the respective due
dates for payment and shall become  payable upon the footing of
compound interest with monthly rests. The Borrower /Co-Borrower(s) shall 
also be liable to pay collection charges fixed by the Bank from time to time.In case, the Borrower /Co-Borrower(s) commits default in observance and
perfor mance of the terms and conditions contained in this Loan
Agreement, then the Bank reserves a right to reset the Interest Rate.  
9. COMPUTATION OF INTEREST  
Each installment comprises of principal and interest calculated on the basi
s
o
f the rate of interest ment ioned in Schedule and is rounded off to the next 
rupee calculated on monthly reducing balance. Interest and any othercharges shall be computed on the basis of a year comprising of threehundred and sixty days.  
10. PRE-PAYMENT OF INSTALMENT  
a) Pre-payment may be allowed by the Bank at its discretion
subject to conditions prescribed in this Agreement. All such payments orforeclosure shall be made from the same savings/current account fromwhich the standing instructions for payments of installments have been
issued. In such an event, the Borrower /Co-Borrower(s) shall also be liable to 
pay additional prepayment charges, wherever applicable,  at the rat
e
s
pecified in the Schedule .
b) Conditions in relation to Prepayment 
i. Prepayment or foreclosure is permitted after a minimum period 
of 12 (twelve) months following the date of Loan disbursal. The
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall send a written request to the Bank
mentioning the clear instruction for reducing the tenure or equated
monthly instalments in case of pre -payment of the Loan. The Borrower/s
/Co-Borrower(s) undertake to submit at least 30 days prior writtenintimation for foreclosure.  
ii. If the Loan is availed by senior citizen above the age of 60 years,
no premature closure charges will be levied by the Bank, provided the Loan
is closed after 1 (one) year from the date of disbursement.  
11. RECALL OF THE LOAN B Y THE BANK  
a) The Borrower/Co -Borrower(s) agrees that the Bank shall be
entitled to, at any time, in its sole discretion, recall the Loan by giving the
Borrower/Co -Borrower( s) 14 days’ notice in writing. It is specified that the
repayment mentioned in the Schedule set out herein is without prejudic e
t
o the Bank’s right to recall the entire Loan and to demand payment of the
Loan Balance.  
b) The Borrower /Co-Borrower(s)  agrees and confirms the amounts
payable by her/him in terms of the Loan Agreement under various heads
towards diverse costs and charges and she/he is/are aware that all amounts 
so paid by her/him shall be treated by the Bank as conclusive payments by
the Borrower/Co -Borrower(s) towards those respective costs and charges.
The Borrower /Co-Borrower(s) agrees that if at any time it is discovered that
there are any amounts due to the Bank for which credit was erroneousl y
pa
ssed by the Bank, then notwithstanding any No Obje ction Certificate etc.
that may have been issued by the Bank, the Bank shall be entitled to claim
such amounts from the Borrower/Co -Borrower(s) and the Borrower /Co-
Borrower(s) shall make such payment on a demand by the Bank to that
effect.  
c) After execution of the Loan Agreement for availing the Loan, if
the Borrower/Co -Borrower(s) denies (either directly or indirectly) for th e
di
sbursement of the Loan under any reason whatsoever which results into
cancellation of the Loan or the Borrower /Co-Borrower(s) not c omplying th e
r
equirements of the Bank for the purpose of disbursement of the Loan
which results into cancellation of the Loan by the Bank, then the
Borrower/Co -Borrower(s) shall pay to the Bank the processing fees and
other charges as mentioned in the Sche dule .
d) The Borrower /Co-Borrower(s) confirms having understood a nd
a
grees to the Bank’s method of calculating the Instalments and also it s
di
vision into principal and interest.  
12. INDEMNITY  
The Borrower/Co -Borrower(s) undertakes to indemnify and keep the Bank
and its Directors, Officers and Employees fully indemnified and harmless
from and against all forms of losses caused to the Bank, including but not
limited to all costs, expenses, taxes and other costs incurred by the Bank a s
a
 result of any acts or omission of the Borrower /Co-Borrower(s), including
as a result of third party claims or claims from regulators or otherauthorities The Borrower /Co-Borrower(s) undertakes immediately upon the 
occurrence of the loss caused to the Bank to pay to the Bank any amount  
on this account without any demur, reservation, contest, protest,
whatsoever.  
13. SE
 CURITY  
The repayment by the Borrower /Co-Borrower(s) to the Bank of the Loan
Balances under this Loan Agreement shall be secur ed by the Security , 
primary and or collateral as provided in Schedule. 
a) Security covenants  
i. The Loan together with all interest, fees, commitment charges,
costs, charges, expenses and other monies whatsoever stipulated in orpayable under this Agreement and the other transaction documents shall
be secured by the assets over which the Security has been created asspecified in the Schedule (“ Secured Assets”).
ii. The Security will be created in favour of the Bank, as required by
the Bank, in a form and manner acceptable to the Bank.  
iii. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) agrees that this Loan Agreement
and any Security hereby created or created subsequently, for and onaccount of the Loan, shall operate as a continuing security for all th
e
ob
ligations of the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) in respect of the Loan,
notwithstanding any  partial payments or fluctuation of accounts.  
iv. The Bank may, in exercise of the powers, cause the Secured
Assets to be sold by public auction or otherwise. In order to facilitate sale of the Secured Assets, the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) agrees to execute and
deliver transfer/sale letter to the Bank.  
v. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall not, without the written
consent of the Bank, create in any manner any charge, lien or other
encumbrance on the Security given to the Bank or create any interest in
such Security in favour of any other third party or person.  
vi. On demand, the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) agrees to deliver to
the Bank post -dated cheques for the payment of EMIs and the
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) warrants that the cheques will be honoured on 
Borrower                                          Co -Borrower 1                          Co -Borrower 2                                      Guarantor  
first presentation. A ny non - presentation of a cheque due to any reason will 
not affect the liability of the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) to pay the 
installments or any other sum. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) agrees to 
forthwith replace the cheque/issue fresh cheques if required by the Bank. 
The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall not be entitled to call upon the Bank to 
refrain from presenting any cheque for payment and if the Borrower/Co-Borrower(s) does so, the Bank shall nevertheless be entitled to present the 
cheque for payment and in  the event of dishonor, the provisions under 
Chapter XVII of the Negotiable Instruments Act, 1881 shall apply.  
vii. The Borrower shall notify the Bank, within 24 (twenty four) 
hours from the date of either (i) receipt of any demand/notice from a creditor (finan cial or operational), which may lead to proceedings  under 
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 or (ii) the occurrence of a default 
with a creditor.  
viii. To bear and pay all taxes, rates, duties (including stamp duties), 
charges and other imposts and obligations, existing as well as future, in 
respect of this Agreement, the transactions hereunder and all writings 
executed pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement, including 
without limitation the expenditure incurred on the creation of any Security.  
14. BANK’S  RIGHT OF GENERAL LIEN AND SET OFF  
a) In the event of the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) ceasing to be in 
business/service of her/his employer whether by retirement, resignation, 
death or by operation of law or for any other reason or cause whatsoever 
and howsoever Bank shall be entitled at its discretion, to write to her/his 
employers to appropriate and set off (i) any amount which may then be 
payable by the employers to the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) whether by way 
of salary, allowances, bonus, other remuneration or a ny payment (whether 
ex-gratia or otherwise) whatsoever and (ii) any amount that may be 
standing to the credit of any account which the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) 
may have with her/his employers or with the Bank, either singly or jointly towards repayment of t he balance that may be then remaining due and 
payable by the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) in the said Loan account of the 
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) together with interest thereon at the applicable 
rates upto the date of such repayment. Any such appropriation made by 
the Bank or by her/his employers shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) and her/his estate both in and out of court.  In the 
event of Borrower’s/Co- Borrower(s) liability to make repayment of the 
entire dues immediately shall rema in valid till the entire amount with 
applicable interest as up to the date of payment has been realised by the 
Bank whether by way of recovery from Borrower’s/Co- Borrower(s) 
employer or otherwise.  
b) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) agrees that in the event of any  
default in payment of the installments on her/his part, the Bank may, at its 
discretion in exercise of its rights of set off, appropriate any deposits 
standing to the credit of the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) in any branch of the 
Bank. The Borrower/Co- Borrowe r(s) further agrees and declares that the 
Bank shall have a right of general lien and set off on all other accounts of the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) and/or securities including gold/silver 
ornaments, share certificates including demat securities, LIC Policie s, 
National Saving Certificates etc. in the custody of the Bank either as securit y 
for any other loan/advance availed by the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) from 
the Bank or kept in safe custody and that the Bank may, at its discretion in case of breach of terms of this Loan Agreement, sell/dispose of such 
securities and appropriate the proceeds in satisfaction of the Bank’s dues.  
c) The Bank shall have the right of set -off/net off on the deposits of 
any kind and nature (including fixed deposits) held/balances lying i n any 
accounts of the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) and on any monies, securities, 
bonds and all other assets, documents, deeds and properties held by/under 
the control of the Bank /her/his trustees or agents (whether by way of 
security or otherwise pursuant to any contract entered/to be entered into 
by the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) in any capacity to the extent of all 
outstanding dues, whatsoever, arising as a result of any of the Bank' 
services extended to and/or used by the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) and/or 
as a re sult of any other facilities that may be granted by the Bank to the 
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s). The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) also notes the 
banker’s lien available to the Bank on the aforesaid assets.  
d) In addition to the above mentioned right or any other right  
which the Bank may at any time be entitled whether by operation of law, 
contract or otherwise, the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) authorizes the Bank:  
(i) to combine or consolidate at any time all or any of the accounts 
and liabilities of the Borrower/Co- Borrow er(s) with or to any branch of the 
Bank;  
(ii) to sell or dispose off any of the Borrower’s/Co- Borrower(s) securities or properties held by the Bank by way of public or private sale or 
assignment or in any other manner whatsoever without having to institute 
any judicial proceeding whatsoever and retain/appropriate from the 
proceeds derived there from the total amounts outstanding to the Bank 
from the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s), including costs and expenses in 
connection with such sale /disposal /transfer /assignment  
15. COVENANTS  
A. Covenants by the Borrower/Co -Borrower(s)  
The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s):   
i. Shall ensure that the entire Loan amount will be utilized for the 
Purpose as stated by the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) in the Loan Application 
Form and for no other purpose wha tsoever.  
ii. Shall keep and maintain the hypothecated Assets in good 
marketable condition at the cost and risk of the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) 
in all respects and all necessary repairs, additions and improvements 
thereto will be made during the currency of the Loan and the Borrower/Co-
Borrower(s) shall be liable for any loss or damage caused to the 
hypothecated Assets Assets for any reasons whatsoever, including theft, 
damage by weather and deterioration in quality.  
iii. Shall notify the Bank of any change in the Bor rower's/Co-
Borrower(s)’  employment, business or profession. In the event the 
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) is self -employed, the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) 
hereby undertakes to keep the Bank informed about the financials of his business on a regular basis as may be  notified to him by the Bank. In the 
event the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) is a sole proprietary concern, the 
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall provide the Bank such information and/or 
documents as may be required by the Bank.  
iv. Shall notify the Bank of any change i n its residential address and 
other address within 10 days of such change.  
v. Shall  duly and punctually comply with all the terms and 
conditions of holding the hypothecated Assets a ssets and all the rules, 
regulations and other laws relating but not limited t o Motor Vehicles laws 
or of any other Competent Authority and pay such maintenance and other 
charges for the up keep of the hypothecated Assets as also any other dues etc., as may be payable in respect of the hypothecated Assets and/or of the 
use thereof.  
vi. Shall  promptly inform the Bank of any loss or damage to the 
Hypothecated Assets due to any act of God or damage or other risks against 
which the Hypothecated Assets may not have been insured.  
vii. Shall  complete purchase of the Vehicle/equipment as indicated 
by him in the Loan Application Form and obtain and produce to the Bank 
purchase documents, as the case may be.  
viii. Shall  pay all road taxes, octroi and other local taxes/charges in 
accordance with the laws and regulations.  
ix. Shall  allow any person authorized by th e Bank to have free 
access to the Hypothecated Assets for the purpose of inspection.  
x. Shall  intimate the Bank/Co -Borrower(s) promptly of any dispute 
which might arise between the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) and any person or 
any governmental body or authority t hereby affecting the ability of the 
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) to repay the Loan in the manner stipulated 
hereunder.  
xi. Shall  on the Bank's request do, perform and execute such acts, 
deeds, matters and things as the Bank may consider necessary either to perfect the security provided for and to carry out the intent of this 
Agreement.  
xii. Shall  confirm that the true copies of the document submitted for 
the purpose of the Loan are genuine. The Bank may at any time, call for or require verification of originals of any/all such copies. Any such copy in 
possession of the Bank shall be deemed to have been given only by the 
Borrower.  
xiii. Confirms that there is no action, suit, proceedings or 
investigation pending or to the knowledge of the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s), 
is threatened, by or against the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) before any court 
of Law or Government authority or any other competent authority which 
might have a material adverse effect on the financial and other affairs of 
the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) or which might put into question the validity 
or performance of this Agreement or any of its terms and conditions.  
xiv. Shall  take consent from the Bank if the Hypothecated Assets 
is/are proposed to be removed/taken outside the territorial borders of the 
state in which the Assets is r egistered or removed/taken out of the 
address/location as specified on a permanent basis or for a continuous 
period of more than  60 days.  Borrower    Co-Borrower 1     Co-Borrower 2      Guarantor  
xv. If the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) is a person other than an
individual, it shall promptly inform the Bank of change in lo cation of its
office/registered office, name, main business activity of the Borrower.  
xvi. Shall bear all costs of making good any deficit in stamp duty on
the documents executed by the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) in relation to th e
L
oan and/or security created by the Borrower in favour of the Bank.  
xvii. The Borrower undertakes to get the registration certificates of
Vehicle/equipment endorsed with the name of Bank and to further express
the fact that the Vehicle/equipment stands hypothecated to the Bank.  
xviii. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) agrees that any security provided
by the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) to the Bank under any other credit facilit y
s
hall be available to the Bank under this Agreement upon the occurrence of 
an event of default under this Agreement and vice versa.  
B. COVENANTS BY THE BANK:  
The bank shall be entitled at its discretion to engage/ avail of, at the risk
and cost of the borrower/co- borrower(s), services of any person/business
correspondent(s)/ third party service provider/agent/agency, for anything
required t o be done for/ in relation to/ pursuant to the loan, including
collections, recovery of dues, enforcement of security, getting or verifyingany information of the borrower/co- borrower(s)/ assets and any necessary
or incidental lawful acts/ deeds/ matters a nd things connected thereto, a
s
t
he bank may deem fit. The bank shall be responsible for the acts of
omission and commission of business correspondent if engaged by the bank 
C. REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTIES FOR THE VEHICLE:  
a) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall a lso be solely and exclusively
responsible for getting/insuring/delivery of the Vehicle/equipment fromSeller/Dealer/DSA, as the case may be, and the Bank shall not be liable or
responsible for delay in delivery and non- delivery of the Vehicle/equipment 
or any demurrage cost or any defect or variation in the quality, condition,
fitness and performances of the Vehicle/equipment or any guarantee orwarranty given by the Seller/Dealer/DSA, in respect thereof. The Bank sha
ll
n
ot be liable for or bound by any representation or warranties whatsoever
made by Seller/Dealer/DSA in respect of the Vehicle/equipment or an y
a
gent of such Seller/Dealer/DSA.  
b) Where full details of the Vehicle/equipment  (such as engine
number/chassis number/serial number, registration number,  etc., as
required to be specified in the Application Form) is/are not available at thetime of submitting the Application Form, the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall 
furnish all such details of the Vehicle/equipment to the Bank, in suc
h
f
ormat as specified by the Bank, within 3 days of the  delivery of
Vehicle/equipment or receipt of such details (such as registration numberof the vehicle) from appropriate authority.  
c) In the event of any security being created in favour of the Bank,
the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall, if required by the Bank affix
plates/sticker on the Vehicle/equipment indicating the fact of charge of the Vehicle/equipment in favour of the Bank, while such plates/stickers shall be constantly affixed on the Vehicle/equipment so long as any porti on of the
Borrower's/Co- Borrower(s)’ dues remain outstanding from the Borrower to
the Bank and the charge has been released by the Bank, over the saidvehicle.  
D. NEGATIVE COVENANTS :
The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) further covenants with the Bank that until
such times the amounts due have been fully paid to the Bank (unless the
Bank shall otherwise previously approve in writing), the Borrower/Co -
Borrower(s) shall not:  
a) Use the Loan for any speculative purpose or a purpose other
than that stated with Loan Applicatio n. 
b) Sell, transfer, assign, mortgage, pledge, charge, and encumber
the Hypothecated Assets in any manner in favour of any person,corporation , partnership or association, other than in favour of the Bank,
without the express consent in writing of the Bank.  
c) During the continuance of this Agreement create any mortgage,
charge, lien or encumbrance affecting the Hypothecated Assets or any part
thereof nor shall do anything which would prejudice the security nor shall
they part with them.  
d) Make and/or allow to be made any material alterations and/or
additions in the Hypothecated Assets.  
e) Enter into any Agreement or Arrangement with any person,
institution or local or Government body for the use, occupation or disposalof the Hypothecated Assets or any part thereof.  
f) Stand surety for anybody or guarantee the repayment of any
loan or overdraft or the purchase price of any asset.  g) Execute any document, such as Power of Attorney, or any other
similar or other deed, in favour of any person to deal with the
Hypothecated Assets in any manner.  
h) If the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) leaves India for employment or
business or for long term stay abroad without fully repaying the Loa
n
t
ogether with interest and other dues and charges including prepayment
charges as contained herein or if the Borrower becomes a Non -Resident  
Indian, the Borrower agrees to repay the Loan in accordance with the rules, regulations, guidelines, norms of the Reserve Bank of India.  
E. FURTHER COVENANTS:  
a) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) hereby confirms that the
asset/machinery/vehicle has been booked with the dealer/will be
purchased from the seller and requests that the proceeds of the Loan along
with the margin money to be directly disbursed to the said dealer/seller by
way of demand draft or any other such mode and the sa me will be
construed as the Loan being disbursed to the Borrower.  
b) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) further confirms that the Bank
will have no responsibility or obligation whatsoever with respect to and the
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall be responsible to repay the Loan in full i
n
a
ccordance with the terms regardless of, any delay or non -delivery of the
asset/machinery/vehicle and defect, damage or other problems with thequality of such asset/machinery/vehicle or any matter whatsoever arising
out of or relating to such asset/machinery/vehicle or the use or application
of the proceeds of the Loan. Further, in case of any cancellation of the
purchase of the above asset/machinery/vehicle, the Borrower/Co-Borrower(s) further authorizes and instructs the dealer/seller  to refund the
booking money to the Bank.  
c) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) undertakes to inform the Bank as
soon as he/ she/ they take delivery of the asset/machinery/vehicle.  
d) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) confirms that the bank shall
disburse the loan amount, net of all charges and fees to the account of the
dealer/seller or the account of the Borrower as specified in the loan
application.  
e) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) agrees that the Borrower/Co-
Borrower(s) will not compound or release the Hypothecated Assets nor do  
anything whereby the recovery of the same may be impeded, delayed or
prevented without the consent of the Bank and further agrees to keepproper books of account of its business(es) and will at all times as and when required produce such books of account and all vouchers, papers a
nd
d
ocuments relating thereto for the inspection of the Bank and any of its
officers or agents and allow free access to them without any demur.  
f) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall carefully keep and preserve
all the documents, paper s and vouchers in connection with or relating to or
which are likely to prove the Hypothecated Assets or any part thereof and
will at any time when required to do so, produce such documents, papers
and vouchers for the inspection of the Bank and take such steps for therecovery thereof as the Bank may direct, failing which the Bank is hereb
y
e
mpowered without any consent of the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) to take
all or any such steps by itself in this regard.  
g) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall allow the Bank or  its 
authorized agent to take inspection of Hypothecated assets , of all records
in the name of and on behalf of and at the cost and expenses of the
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) and will produce such evidence as the Bank may
require as to the cost and value of a ny such Hypothecated Assets and it
shall be lawful for the Bank at any time and from time to time during thecontinuance of this security to appoint and employ at the expense of the
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) in all respects and either temporary or for such
periods as the Bank shall think fit a person or persons or firm or Bank t
o
i
nspect and value on behalf of the Bank the Hypothecated Assets and the
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall pay to the Bank on demand the fees or
other remuneration payable to any such person firm or Bank and the cost,charges and expenses of and incidental to such valuation (the bank'
s
s
tatement therefor e being conclusive in that behalf) and in default, the
Bank shall be at liberty to debit the amount thereof to the respectiv e
A
ccount of the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s). Any such valuation shall b e
con
clusive against the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s).  
h) If so, required by the Bank, the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall
cause to be displayed on the Hypothecated Assets, sign boards prominently 
indicating that  the Hypothecated Assets are hypothecated to the Bank . The 
sign boards to be displayed in such manner and form as may be required by 
the Bank.  Borrower    Co-Borrower 1     Co-Borrower 2      Guarantor  
i) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) hereby declares that the
Hypothecated Assets and all documents relating to the Hypothecated 
Assets shall be held in trust by them for the Bank.  
j) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall ensure that no charge or
encumbrance is created on Hypothecated Assets or any of them and thatnothing is done that may adversely affect the security created hereb y on
the Hypothecated Assets in favour of the Bank.  
k) Notwithstanding anything herein contained, the Bank shall have
a lien over all the assets of the Borrower in Bank's control and a right of set
off against any monies due from the Borrower to the Bank and to combine
all accounts of the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) for recovery of Bank's dues.  
l) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) undertakes to comply with all the
rules, laws and regulations relating to the possession, operation and use ofthe Vehicle/equipment as may be applicable from time to time and
assumes all risks and liabilities arising from or pertaining to the possession,
operation or use of the Vehicle. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) doth hereby
agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified and hold safe and harmless the  
Bank from and covenants and undertakes to defend the Bank against anyand all claims, costs, expenses, damages and liabilities whether civil or
criminal, of any nature whatsoever, arising from or pertaining to the use,possession, operation or transportation of the Vehicle/equipment or
against the loss of the Vehicle/equipment by seizure by any person other
than the Bank for any reason whatsoever or resulting from any form of
legal process initiated by any person other than the Bank as also against
any dam age or loss (whether monetary or otherwise) caused to the Bank
due to the destruction of or any damage to the vehicle.  
m) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) does hereby further covenant
with the Bank that the Vehicle/equipment shall not be used either byhimself or by his servants or agents for any form of smuggling, transport of
goods, articles, persons etc. or be employed for carrying hazardous waste,
drugs or any other psychotropic and banned substances, etc. in
contravention of any of the provisions of the Acts o f Central and State
Legislatures relating to Forest, Excise, Sales Tax, Customs, Prohibition,
Opium, Railway property unlawful possession, Gold Control etc. and the
Vehicle/equipment shall not be adapted, altered or fitted for the purposeof concealing such goods, articles or persons. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) 
shall not engage the Vehicle/equipment in any unlawful or illegal activityand the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall be responsible for any damage or
loss sustained by the Bank directly or indirectly, in respect of the vehicle, as 
result of such wrongful or unlawful use.  
n) In consideration of the said Loan, the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) 
has agreed to sign/signed and executed various forms specified underMotor Vehicles Act and rules (hereinafter called the “RTO Form”) to enable
the Bank to utilize them for the purpose of sale and/or transfer of the
Vehicle/equipment in the name of any purchaser/transferee/third party t
o
t
he choice of the Bank and/or to transfer the Registration certificate from
one State to another State. On an occurrence of event of default, theBorrower/Co- Borrower(s) hereby irrevocably authorizes the Bank to fill in,
all the details in the RTO Form, with the name of
purchaser/transferee/third party, of Bank's choice and use such RTO Form
and apply before the concerned Registering Authority for transfer the
Vehicle/equipment in the name of the transferee/third Party as ifBorrower/Co- Borrower(s) had personally performed or executed the same.  
o) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) further authorizes the Bank to do,
perform and execute all acts, deeds, matters and things relating t
o
con
cerning these presents as fully and effectually as if Borrower/Co-
Borrower(s) had personally performed or executed the same. The
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) agrees to ratify and  confirm all and whatsoever
the Bank shall do cause to be done in or about the premises by virtue ofthese presents. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) further agrees that the
aforesaid powers have been granted for valuable consideration and as suchshall be irrevocable in nature till such time as any amounts remain dueowing or payable under or in respect of or in pursuance of the said Loan
and/or these presents.  
16. RENT, TAXES AND OUTGOINGS:  
The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall punctually pay all rents,
taxes, outgo ing and other charges in respect of the premises in which the 
Hypothecated Assets are parked or kept.  17. INSURANCE  
a) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s)shall insure and keep the
Vehicle/equipment insured at its/his own cost in the joint names of theBorrower/Co- Borrower(s) and the Bank and the name of Bank shall be
shown as the Loss Payee. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall insure theVehicle/equipment covering comprehensive risk including strikes, riots, civil 
commotions, additional risks like floods and such wider li ability to which 
the Vehicle/equipment is/are normally exposed and unlimited third party liability risks during the operation of this Agreement and handover the insurance policy/policies and receipts for payment of premium to the Bank, 
failing which, the B ank may (but shall not be bound to) get the 
Vehicle/equipment insured and the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall 
forthwith reimburse the premium charges thereof to the Bank on demand and till such time the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall be liable to pay 
interest  thereon at the rate of interest as applicable to the Loan and the 
said amount will be charged on the hypothecated Vehicle/equipment till 
repayment. The first claim of any insurance proceedings shall be that of the Bank. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s)  irrevocably authorizes the Bank to act 
at the risk and cost of the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) and on behalf of the 
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s). T he Bank shall  be entitled to take all necessary 
steps, actions and proceedings and compromise any claim as the Bank deems fit  to safeguard its interest and receive the claim proceeds of the 
insurance policy/policies. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall not be 
entitled to raise any claim against the Bank in case the Bank chooses not to take any action. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) s hall comply with all 
directions of the Bank with respect to the insurance policy/policies, its 
renewal and proceed as may be stipulated by the Bank, from time to time.  
b) In case of total loss to the vehicle(s) if the amount settled by the
insurance Bank is less than the amount due and payable by the
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) under the Agreement, the Borrower/Co-
Borrower(s) hereby undertakes to immediately pay to the Bank the balance 
outstanding amount.  
c) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall not use the vehicle(s) for any 
purpose not permitted by the terms and conditions of the insurancepolicy/policies and shall not do or permit to be done any act or thing which
might render the insurance invalid.  
d) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall inform the Bank in writing,
of any d amage to or theft of the vehicle(s), lodging of any claim with the
insurance company in respect of the vehicle, within 24 hours of suc
h
d
amage or lodgment of claim. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) at his/her/its
cost and without undue delay carry out repairs to the Vehicle/equipment
occasioned by any accident and shall produce bills, receipts and any other
document required for the settlement of the insurance claim by theinsurance company. 
e) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) irrevocably authorizes the Bank to
act at the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) risk and cost and on the Borrower/Co-
Borrower(s) behalf and take all necessary steps, actions and proceeding
s
a
nd settle any claims as the Bank may deem fit to safeguard its interest and 
receive the claim proceeds of the insurance policy/policies. The
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) agrees that it will be bound by any settlement s
th
e Bank may make with the insurance company regarding any claim a nd
t
hat the Bank will in no way be answerable to the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) 
in respect of the said settlements.  
1
8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT  
If the Borrower fails to carry out and perform any of the obligations underthis Agreement or commit breach of any of the terms hereof or Transaction 
Documents or if any of the representations, warranties, assurances,  
statements and particulars contained in this Agreement or Transaction
Documents being found in the Bank’s opinion (which shall  be conclusive
and binding on the Borrower) to be incorrect or if after execution hereof,any circumstance shall occur which in the sole judgment of the Bank i
s
p
rejudicial to or imperils or is likely to prejudice or imperil the Loan and the 
securities created thereunder, then the Bank shall, if it thinks fit, be entitled 
at the risk and expense of the Borrower after giving notice at any time
recall the said Loan and/or to enforce the security that may be/is requiredto be created thereunder. On the question whether any of the events,
matters or circumstances mentioned above have or has occurred, the
opinion of the Bank shall be final, conclusive and binding on the Borrower,
both in and out of court/ judicial/ quasi -judicial  authority.  
a) Events of Default: Each of the following events is an “ Event o f
Default”:
i. If the Borrower/ /Co-Borrower(s) fails to pay any sum owing t o 
the Bank as and when the same s hall beco me d ue and payable under this
Loan Agreement;  
ii. If any instrument for payment of margin money/monies is /are
dishonored , where applicable;  Borrower    Co-Borrower 1     Co-Borrower 2      Guarantor  
iii. If the Borrower /Co-Borrower(s) violates any provision of this
Loan Agreement;  
iv. If any representation, warranty or statement on the part of the
Borrower/Co -Borrower(s) or any credit information is or is found to b e
in
correct or misleading (whether by reason of omission to state a materia l
f
act or otherwise);  
v. If the Borrower /Co-Borrower(s)  has volunt arily or compulsorily
become the subject of any proceedings under any bankruptcy or insolvency 
laws;  
vi. The death, lunacy or other disability of the Borrower /Co-
Borrower(s); 
vii. In case of retirement/resignation of service from the present
employment by the Borrower (or any one of the Co- Borrower(s) (if any)) or 
cessation/stoppage of business/profession as specified in this Agreement;  
viii. If the Bank receives  any notice of insolvency against the
Borrower (or any one of the Co- Borrower(s));  
ix. If Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) f ails to furnish the papers or
documents required by the Bank or fails to furnish the information called
for by the Bank from time to time;  
x. If there is reasonable apprehension that the Borrower is unable
to pay its debts or has admitted its inability to pay its debts, as they become 
payable;  
xi. If the Borrower suffers any adverse material change in her/his
financial position;  
xii. the threat or apprehension of or the occurrence of any damage
to or loss, theft, misappropriation or destruction of any of the Security or ofany assets of the Borrower if so,  provided by Borrower;  
xiii. if the Borrower shall without the consent in writing of the Bank
attempt or  purport to create any mortgage, charge, pledge, hypothecation
or lien or  encumbrance ranking in priority to or pari- passu with or to creat
e
a
ny mortgage, charge, or lien or encumbrance subsequent to, the security
given or to be given to the Bank for the said Loan;  
xiv. If the Borrower (or any one of the Co- Borrower) is convicted
under any criminal law in force;  
xv. If any of the re presentations, undertakings and/or declarations
made in this Loan Agreement  and/or loan application are found to be false
or incorrect or not complied with;  
xvi. Non creation of security by the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) in
favor of the Bank within the manner / ti me stipulated/specified in the
Schedule;  
xvii. Default under any other agreement, arrangement or facility with
the Bank or an y associate/a ffiliates of the Bank is made by the
Borrower/Co -Borrower(s); 
xviii. If any litigation or arbitration, conciliation, legal, quasi-l egal,
revenue or other proceedings are initiated against or Orders or Decrees are
passed against or notices are received by the Borrower /Co-Borrower(s); 
xix. Any default by the Borrower /Co-Borrower(s) under any other
agreement or arrangement or guarantee or security or other indebtednessof the Borrower /Co-Borrower(s) with the Bank or its subsidiaries/affiliates
shall constitute an event of default under this Agreement and vice -versa  
xx. There exists any other circumstance, which in the sole opinion of 
the Bank, is prejudicial to the interests of the Bank or  
On the questi on wheth er any of the acts, matters , event s or circumstanc es 
mention ed hereinabov e have occurred the opinio n of the Bank shall be fina l 
and conclusiv e and be bindin g on the Borrow er. 
19. C
 ONSEQUENCE OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT  
a) On and at any time after the occurrence of an Event of Default,
Bank may, by notice to the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s):  
(i) cancel/recall the Loan whereupon the
outstanding Loan along with interest, additional interest, delayed interest,
costs,  charges and expenses shall become immediately repayable/payable
by the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) and/or  
(ii) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies and
powers under this Agreement; and/or  
(iii) enforce, sell, invoke, deliver, deal with, take
possession, convey, transfer, assign, lease, encumber and/ or dispose of  in 
any manner, any or all of the /security, guarantee(s).  
b) If any Event of Default or any event which, after the notice or
lapse of time or both would constitute an Event of Default shall have
happened, the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall forthwith give the Bank
notice thereof in writing specifying such Event of Default or such event. The 
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall also promptly inform the Bank if and when
any statutory notice of winding -up under the provisions of the CompaniesAct, 2013  or any other law or of any suit or legal process intended to be 
filed / initiated against the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s), is received by the 
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s). The Bank may exercise the Bank’s lien or right of 
set-off wi th respect to any obligation of the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) to 
the Bank in the same manner as if the obligation were unsecured and shall have a lien on all property or securities of the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) in 
Lender's possession or custody whether for safe -keeping or otherwise. 
Without prejudice to what is stated hereinabove, the Borrower/Co-Borrower(s) hereby expressly agree and confirm that in the event of the 
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) failing to pay the outstanding amount of the 
Loan, in addition to any General or Specific Lien to which the Bank may be entitled by law, the Bank, without prejudice to any of its specific rights under this Agreement shall be at liberty to apply any other money or 
amounts standing to the credit of the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s ) in any 
account (including fixed deposit account) with the Bank in or towards repayment of the outstanding amount of the Loan, without notice to the 
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s), on happening of any Event of Default or if upon 
demand by the Bank, the Loan is not repaid within the prescribed time. In 
case of any deficit, the deficit amount may be recovered by the Bank from 
the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s).  
20. RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE BANK:  
a) Without prejudice to the Bank's other rights, if the Borrower/Co-
Borrower(s) fail to pay any amount payable by the Borrower/Co-
Borrower(s) to the Bank under this Agreement within 7days of demand or
of such amount becoming due and payable or if any Event of Default occursor on account of the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) failure to perfor m 
its/his/their obligation under this Agreement, this Agreement shall ipsofacto stands terminated/determined and the Bank shall be entitled toforthwith take physical possession of the Vehicle/equipment and/or other
security, either by itself or through its agents and sell or otherwise deal
with the Vehicle/equipment and/or other security to enforce the Bank's
security and recover the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s)  outstanding dues. Th
e
B
orrower/Co- Borrower(s) understands, agrees and undertakes that th e
V
ehicle/ equipment is/are hypothecated to the Bank and upon
termination/determination of the Agreement, the Borrower/Co-
Borrower(s) is/are  liable to restore the possession of the
Vehicle/equipment to the Bank immediately or any obstruction caused by
the Borrower/C o-Borrower(s) in the Bank exercising its rights hereunder,
shall be deemed to be unlawful detention of the Vehicle/equipment and
dishonest misappropriation within the meaning of Section 403 of the Indian 
Penal Code. Without prejudice to its other rights, the Bank shall be entitledto forthwith take physical possession of the Vehicle/equipment to enforce
its security. For this purpose, the Bank's authorized representatives or its
employees and agents will have unrestricted right of entry in any premises
of the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) or any place where the Vehicle/equipment 
is stationed/parked, to take the physical possession of the
Vehicle/equipment and the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall not prevent or
obstruct them from taking the physical possession of the vehicle.  
b) In order to enforce its security as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for
the Bank or its authorized representatives or its employees or its agents to
forthwith or at any time without notice to the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s), t
o
e
nter upon any premises or garage or godown where the
Vehicle/equipment may be or is believed to be and take possession of the
same without being liable to any court or other proceedings by theBorrower/Co- Borrower(s) or any person claiming under him or otherwise.
The Bank will be well within its rights to use tow -cranes to carry away the
vehicle. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall be liable to pay any towing
charges or other such expenses incurred by the Bank for effecting the
possession of the Vehicle/equipment and for its safe keeping, parking
charges etc.  
c) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) agree/s and undertake/s not to
prevent or obstruct the Bank from taking possession of the vehicle(s). Th
e
B
ank will be entitled to sell, give on hire or otherwise deal with the
Vehicle/equipment by public or private auction or private treaty, withoutbeing liable for any loss and to apply the net proceeds thereof firstly
towards satisfaction of all costs incurred in respect of such hire, sale or
dealing, secondly towards liquidation of the balance of the interest andother sums payable by the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) to the Bank and
thirdly towards the principal amount of the Loan outstanding. The Bankshall have the power and right to transfer/sell the Vehicle/equipmentwithout any further notice or recourse to the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s). 
The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) hereby agree/s and undertakes not to raise
any objection and/or dispute as to the value at which theBorrower    Co-Borrower 1     Co-Borrower 2      Guarantor  
Vehicle/equipment is transferred/sold by the Bank and the decision made 
by the Bank shall  be final and binding on the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s). The 
Bank shall not be liable for any loss arising out of/due to the sale /transfer of vehicle.  
d) In the event of short fall/deficiency between the sale proceeds
and the said amounts due/payable to the Ban k, the Borrower/Co -
Borrower(s) shall be liable to pay the shortfall. In no event will any sumalready paid under the provisions of this Agreement be refundable by th
e
B
ank to the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s). Nothing contained in this clause
shall oblige the Ba nk to sell the Vehicle/equipment and the Bank shall be
entitled to proceed against the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) independently of
such security. The Bank shall be entitled to adjust any other amount of theBorrower/Co- Borrower(s) with the Bank, towards payment of suc
h
d
eficiency. Nothing contained in this clause shall oblige the Bank to sell,
hire or deal with the Vehicle/equipment and the Bank shall be entitled to
proceed against the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) independently of such sale,
hire or dealing as conclusive. The Bank shall be entitled to recover from the 
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) all expenses (including legal costs on full
indemnity basis) incurred by the Bank in ascertaining the whereabouts ofthe vehicle, taking possession, insuring, transporting and selling theVehicle/equipment and of any legal proceedings that may be filed by the
Bank to enforce the provisions of this Agreement. It is expressly clarified
that the rights and remedies referred to herein above shall be in addition to
each other and also without prejudice to any other right or remedy
available to the Bank either under this Agreement or under any other
agreement or in law.  
e) That upon the occurrence of any Event of Default,  the 
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall be bound to return the Vehicle/equ ipment 
to the Bank at such location, as the Bank may designate in the same
condition in which it was originally delivered to the Borrower/Co-
Borrower(s) (ordinary wear and tear excepted).  
f) The Bank shall be entitled to take possession of the vehicle,
irresp ective of whether the Loan has been recalled, whenever in the
opinion of the Bank there is an apprehension of any money being paid or
the Bank's security being jeopardized.  
g) The Bank, its employees and/or agents and/or authorized
representative etc., shall not be in any way responsible for any loss,
damage, limitation or depreciation that the hypothecated
Vehicle/equipment may suffer or sustain on any account whatsoever,
whilst the same is in the possession of the Bank, its employees, agents or
authorized representatives. Neither the Bank nor its employees, agents orauthorized representatives shall be in anyway responsible and liable an
d
t
he Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) hereby agree not to make the Bank, its
employees, agents or authorized representative liable for any loss, damage, 
limitation or otherwise of any belongings and articles that may be kept or
lying in the hypothecated Vehicle/equipment at the time of taking charg e
a
nd/or possession of the hypothecated vehicle.  
h) The Bank shall be entitled to sell, assi gn, securitize  or transfer,
the Bank's rights and obligations hereunder to any person(s),Bank/partnership/agency of the Bank’s choice in whole or in part and in
such manner and on such terms as the Bank deems fit at its sole an
d
a
bsolute discretion. Any s uch sale, assignment, securitization or transfer
shall conclusively bind the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s). 
i) The Bank may, at the risk and cost of the Borrower/Co-
Borrower(s), engage one or more person(s) to collect the Borrower/Co-Borrower(s) outstanding and/or  to enforce any security and may furnish t
o
suc
h person(s) such information, facts and figures as the Bank thinks fit and 
may delegate to such person(s), the right and authority to perform andexecute all acts, deeds matters and things connected therewith or 
incidental thereto as the Bank thinks fit.  
j) Notwithstanding anything contained in the present Agreement,
the Bank may at any time, at its sole discretion and without assigning any
reason, decide to amend/modify/revise the terms and conditions of this
Agreement by giving prior notice to the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) and such
modified/amended/  revised terms and conditions of this Agreement shall
be binding on the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s).  
k) Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) hereby agrees and appoints the Bank
and its offi cers, employees and agents and authorized representatives to be 
its duly constituted attorneys for all or any of the following purposes, upon
the occurrence of an event of default, namely:  
i. To demand and receive all debts, sums of money, 
dividends, interest  and other dues of whatever nature.  ii. To appear before the office of Regional Transport 
Officer, Sales Tax Officer, Police Authorities or any other authorities 
through advocates or any authorized person deemed necessary by the Bank 
to effect endorsement of hypothecation in registration certificate and transfer of the Assets.  
iii. To take all such steps as may be required for the 
recovery of any of the Hypothecated Assets, including the institution of any claim, suit, petition or other legal process and the signing  and execution of 
all necessary vakalatnamas and documents for the said purpose and the compromising or settlement of such suit or action.  
iv. To sign all papers, correspondence, vouchers, forms, 
applications, petitions, receipts, documents, deeds, agreements indentures and writings that the Borrower/Co- Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) would be 
bound to do under or in pursuance of these presents and /or the Loan for and behalf of the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) and to attend before the 
Regional Transport Officer, Sales Tax Officer, Police Authorities, Sub -
Registrar of Assurances or any other relevant authority and admit execution thereof.  
v. Generally,  to do, perform and execute or cause to be 
done, performed and executed all acts, deeds, matters, things and documents in all ma tters arising under or out of or concerning or touching 
these presents as the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) could himself do, perform 
or execute.  
vi. And for the better and more effectually doing , 
effecting and performing the several matters and things as aforesaid to 
appoint from time to time or generally such other persons , bodies, 
companies , organizations or agencies as the Bank may think fit as its 
substitute or substitutes to do execute and their place.  
l) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) agrees to ratify and confirm a ll
that the Bank or any substitute or substitutes appointed by the Bank maylawfully do or cause to be done in exercise of the aforesaid powers.  
m) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) further agrees to give all
assistance to the Bank and its officers and authorized r epresentatives for
the purpose of exercising any of the powers here in set out, including
endorsing of documents, signing of papers and doing all such things as may 
be necessary to enable the Bank and its officers to exercise all the powers
hereby conferre d. 
n) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) further agrees that the aforesaid
powers have been granted for valuable consideration and as such shall beirrevocable in nature till such time as any amounts remain due owing or
payable under or in respect of or in pursuance  of the said Loan and/or
these presents.  
21. NOTICE  
If any Event of Default or any event, which, after a lapse of time, is capable
of becoming an Event of Default takes place, the Bank may give notice of up 
to 7 days to the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) in writing specifying the nature
of such Event of Default or of such event. If the Event of Default is capable
of being cured or remedied, the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall cure or
remedy the default or such event before the expiry of the notice period t
o
t
he satisfac tion of the Bank failing which, on the expiry of the period of
notice the Loan Balances, together with penal interest, the prepayment
charges, if applicable and all other sums due and/or to become due
hereunder for the full term of this Loan Agreement, sha ll immediately stand 
payable/repayable by the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) to the Bank.
Notwithstanding the recall or any cancellation or termination of theLoan/the Loan Balance, all the provisions of this Loan Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect  as herein specifically provided till such time 
as the Loan Balance is repaid to the Bank in full.  
22. DISCLOSURE  
a.  The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) hereby agrees as a pre- condition 
of the Loan given to the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) by the Bank that, in case
the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) commits default in the repayment of the
Loan or in the repayment of interest thereon or any of the agreed
installment of the Loan on due date(s), the Bank and/or the Reserve Bank
of India will have an unqualified right to disclose or publish the
Borrower's/Co- Borrower(s)’ name as defaulter in such manner and through
such medium as the Bank or Reserve Bank of India in their absolute
discretion may think fit. Accordingly, the Bank shall have the right to furnish
and publish the name of the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) as defaulter to the
Reserve Bank of India or other regulatory authority. Notwithstanding th
e
a
bove the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) understand that as a pre- condition 
relating to grant of the Loan to the Borrower/ Co- Borrower(s) the Bank  
requires the Borrower's/Co- Borrower(s) consent for the disclosure by th eBorrower    Co-Borrower 1     Co-Borrower 2      Guarantor  
Bank of information and data relating to the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s), of 
the credit facility availed of/to be availed by the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s), 
obligations assured/to be assured by the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) in 
relation thereto and default, if any, committed by the Borrower/Co-
Borrower(s) in discharge thereof. Accordingly, the Borrower/Co -
Borrower(s) hereby agrees and gives consent for the disclosure by the Bank 
of all or any s uch 
I. information and data relating to the Borrower /Co- Borrower(s);
II. the information or data relating to any credit facility availed
of/to be availed by the Borrower /Co- Borrower(s) and  
III. default, if any, committed by the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s)  in 
discharge of such obligation as the Bank may deem appropriate andnecessary to disclose and furnish to Credit Information Bureau (India)
Limited and any other agency authorized in this behalf by Reserve Bank of
India.  
b. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) further declares that  the
information and data furnished by the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) to the
Bank are true and correct.  
c. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s)  also understands and agrees that:
i) t
he Credit Information Bureau (India) Limited and any other agency s o
a
uthorized may use, process the said information and data disclosed by the 
Bank in the manner as deemed fit by them and ii) the Credit Information
Bureau (India) Limited and any other agency so authorized, may furnish for
consideration the processed information and data or pr oducts thereof
prepared by them, to banks/financial institutions and other credit grantor s
or
 registered users, as may be specified by the Reserve Bank of India in this
behalf.  
d. The Bank may disclose to a potential assignee or to any person
who may otherwise enter into contractual relations with the Bank inrelation to this Agreement, such information about the Borrower/Co-
Borrower(s) as the Bank may deem appropriate.  
e. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) confirm/s that the Bank may, for
the purposes of credit reference checks, verification, etc., disclose an
y
in
formation/documents relating to the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) under this 
Agreement to any third party.  
f. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) further authorizes the Bank to
disclose such information/documents to Reserve Bank of India, Income TaxAuthorities, Credit Bureau, third parties, Credit Rating Agencies, Databanks,Corporates, other banks, financial institutions or any other Government or
Regulatory Authorities, statutory authorities, quasi -judicial  authorities.  
2
3. REVIVAL OF CONTRACT  
In the event of the Bank repossessing the vehicle, the Borrower/Co-Borrower(s) may request the Bank to revive the contract and apply for
redelivery of the Vehicle/ equipment on an as is  where condition and such
request may be entertained b y the Bank at its discretion and upon suc
h
t
erms and conditions as it may think fit and proper in the circumstance s
a
nd only after collectin g the installments due and delayed payment
charges , incidental charges including repossession charge, travel, legal and 
other expenses etc. Revival of contract is not mandatory and any decisiontaken by the Bank not to revive the contract shall be final and binding o
n
t
he Borrower(s).  
24. ASSIGNMENT OF CONTRACT  
(a) The Borrower /Co-Borrower(s) shall not be entitled to transf er or
assign any of its rights or obligations under this Loan  Agreement to an y
p
erson directly or indirectly without the prior written consent of the Bank.  
(b)The Bank shall be entitled to grant/transfer/assign any or all of its rights,
benefits, obligatio ns, duties and liabilities under this Loan Agreement 
including the right to receive the Installments and Loan Balance by way ofsale, assignment, transfer, securitization, charge or as a security or
otherwise to any person or entity and in such an event th e Borrower /Co-
Borrower(s) shall perform its obligations under this Loan Agreement to such 
assignee, transferee, grantee or other concerned person.  
(c)The Borrower /Co-Borrower(s) expressly recognizes and accept that the
Bank shall be absolutely entitled and  have full power and authority to sell,
assign or transfer in any manner in whole or in part, all its rights a
nd
in
terest in or under this Loan Agreement and any Security (if any) in such
manner and on such terms as the Bank may decide, including reserving  a 
right to the Bank to retain its power hereunder to proceed against theBorrower/Co -Borrower(s) on behalf of the purchaser, assignee or
transferee, to any third party of the Bank’s choice, without reference to orwithout written intimation to the Borrowe r/Co-Borrower(s). 25. SECURITIZATION  
a) The Bank  reserves the right to assign/sell/securitize the Loan
with or without security. If  any, in any manner by transferring and/or
assigning or otherwise all its right, title and interest which the Bank deems 
appropriate and the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) hereby expressly agrees that
in that event, Bank is not required to obtain any permission or put the
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) to any notice.  
b) The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall be bound to accept any such
securitization and an y such sale, assignment or transfer and the
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) shall accept such other party as creditors
exclusively or as a joint creditor with in the Bank or as creditor exclusivel
y
w
ith the right of Bank to continue to exercise all powers hereunde r on
behalf of any such other party.  
c) Any cost in this behalf, whether on account of such sale,
assignment or transfer or enforcement of rights and recovery ofoutstanding dues shall be to the account of the Borrower/Co -Borrower(s). 
The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) undertakes to pay to third parties the
difference between the Loan outstanding and the amount received by the
Bank in the event of transfer of the portfolio to a third party.  
26. FORCE MAJEURE  
Notwithstanding anything  to the contrary herein contained, th e
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) hereby confirms  that the Bank shall not be liable 
or responsible for failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder, if it is prevented from discharging its obligations hereunder due 
to any cause arising out of or related to any act of God or act of state, disruption of services due to technological failure beyond Bank’s control, 
any system failures, cyber- crimes including but not limited to hacking, 
tampering with computer source documents, disruption caused in systems 
and/or software’s by virus, network failures, war, riots, civil commotion, 
terrorism, strikes, lockouts or any order of any governmental, semi-
governmental or local authority or any similar cause.  
27. MISCELLANEOUS PROVI SIONS 
a) The application form submi tted by the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) 
for grant of the Loan is an integral part of this Loan Agreement and shall be 
considered to be part of the credit information.  
b) N
 o delay in exercising or omission to exercise any right, power
or remedy accruing to the Ban k under this Loan Agreement shall impair any 
such right, power or remedy or shall be construed to be a waiver thereof or any acquiescence in such default, nor shall the action or inaction of the
Bank in respect of such default or any acquiescence by it in any default,
affect or impair any right, power or remedy of the Bank in respect of anyother default.  
c) Any notice or request to be given or made in this Loan 
Agreement to a Party shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be givenand made (i) if required to be given or made to the Bank, when delivered to
its branch office mentioned in Loan Agreement (or such other address as is
subsequently notified by the Bank by notice to any of the other Parties) and 
(ii) i
f required to be given or made to the Borrower/C o-Borrower(s), if
delivered at such Party’s address mentioned above (or such other address
as subsequently notified by the concerned Party to the Bank in writing).
Such notice or request may be made through ordinary post, registered post 
or courier and shall be deemed to have been delivered on the expiry of
three days after the posting or delivery to the courier company, as the case 
may be.  
d) Arbitration: Any dispute or disagreement arising out of this
Agreement shall be referred to a sole arbitrator appointed by the Bank. The arbitration proceedings will be governed by the Arbitration Conciliation Act,1996. The arbitration proceedings shall be held in Thrissur and conducted in 
English. The Agreement will be enforceable and any arbitration award will
be final , and judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent
jurisdiction.e) Jurisdiction: Any suit, revision, reference or other filing
permitted or required to be made pursuant to the Arbitration and
Conciliation Act, 1996 in respect of matters arisin g out of this Loa
n
A
greement shall be instituted only in competent courts at Thrissur an d
p
arties specifically agree to exclude the jurisdiction of any other courts in
India.  
f) Severability: If any provision of this Loan Agreement is held to
be invalid, illegal or unenforceable under present or future laws, such
provision shall be struck from the Loan Agreement , however such invalidity
or enforceability shall not affect the remaining provisions or conditions of
this Loan Agreement. The parties shall remain legally bound by theBorrower    Co-Borrower 1     Co-Borrower 2      Guarantor  
remaining terms of this Loan Agreement and shall strive to reform the Loan 
Agreement in a manner consistent with the original intent of the parties.  
g) Amendment: No amendment, change, variation, addition of any
term or provision hereof sha ll be effective unless made in writing a nd
si
gned by both parties hereto.  
h) Validity of the Agreement:  This agreement shall be valid and
binding on the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) until the loan balances payable 
under this agreement is fully paid.  
This Loan Agreement shall be read in conjunction with the Schedule(s) appended and executed by the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) and the Bank 
with this Loan Agreement. The Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) hereby agrees 
that he/it shall be bound by such additional terms and conditions as set out in the Schedule(s) as if the same ha ve been made part of this Loan 
Agreement.  
The contents of this Loan Agreement have been read out, explained and 
interpreted to the Borrower/Co- Borrower(s) in the language as desired by 
the Borrower/Co- Borrower (s) and the same is understood by the 
Borrower/Co- Borrower(s).  
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties hereto have set and subscribed their 
respective hands the day and year first herein above written.  
S
igned and delivered  by      
Shri/Smt./Kum………………………………………………………………… 
OR 
F
or and on behalf of M/s_________________________   as 
Proprietor/Proprietress  
OR 
S
igned, Sealed and Delivered by          
S
l No.                       Name  Signature  
1
. 
2
. 
3
. 
4
. 
F
or and on behalf of M/s____________________________as partners 
thereof  OR 
S
igned, Sealed and Delivered by Shri _____________           
For and on behalf of M/s. _____________________  
For self and as Karta of his Joint Family          
OR 
F
or and on behalf of M/s____________________________as Authorised 
signatory/ies of the Society/Company 
T
HE COMMON SEAL OF THE WITHIN NAMED .............  SOCIETY/Company  
w
as hereunto affixed in pursuance of a resolution of the Committee of 
Management of the said Society/ Board of Directors of the Company dated………………………. and these presents have been signed in the presence 
of: 
(1
) 
a
nd             
(2
) 
w
ho have signed these presents in token thereof  
F
or ESAF Small Finance Bank Limited  
 (A
uthorized Signatory)  KEY FACT STATEMENT / FACT SHEET
Branch  : ___________________________________________________
Branch Address : ___________________________________________________Date : 
Place : _________________________________
Borrower    
Father’s/ Spouse Name   KYC Type & No 
Residence Address 
Telephone Number  Email Address
Occupation /Activity
Co-Borrower 1    
Father’s/ Spouse Name   KYC Type & No 
Residence Address 
Telephone Number  Email Address
Co-Borrower 2   
Father’s/ Spouse Name   KYC Type & No 
Residence Address 
Telephone Number  Email Address
Guarantor   
Father’s/ Spouse Name   KYC Type & No 
Residence Address 
Telephone Number  Email Address
 Signature of Borrower Co-Borrower Co-Borrower 2  Guarantor  1. Loan amount
 2. Loan term
 3. Interest type (ﬁxed or ﬂoating)
 4. (a) Interest chargeable (In case of Floating Rate Loans)  _________% (Base Rate + _________________) 
  (b) Interest chargeable (In case of Fixed Rate Loans)  _________% 
 5. Date of reset of interest
 6. Mode of communication of changes in interest rates
 7. Fee payable
  (a) On application (Pl individually specify all type of fee)
  (b) During the term of the loan (Pl individually specify all type of fee)
  (c) On foreclosure (Pl individually specify all type of fee)
  (d) Fee refundable if loan not sanctioned/disbursed
  (e) Conversion charges for switching from ﬂoating to ﬁxed interest and vice-versa
  (f) Penalty for delayed payments
 8. EMI payable
 9. Details of security/collateral obtained
 10. Date on which annual outstanding balance statement will be issuedLOAN ___________________________________________________ (Name of the speciﬁc loan product) 
ESFBG_2982_10_09_21
DRAFT Signature of Borrower                          Co-Borrower                          Co-Borrower 2                          Guarantor IN
TENTIONALLY 
LEFT BLANK  Borrower Name 
Loan Purpose  
Scheme 
Vehicle / Loan Type  
Manufacturer  
Model / Variant  
Vehicle Registration No (For Used Vehicles) 
Year of Manufacturer (applicable of both New & Used vehicle)  
Chassis No (applicable for Used Vehicle loan)  
Invoice (Ex showroom Cost) OR  Valuation Amount  
On Road Cost  
Dealer Name  
Loan Amount                             
Diﬀerence Amount / Margin Money  
LTV (%) 
Loan Tenor (in Months)  
No of advance Instalments (in case of Adv Instalment Scheme)                                 EMI Amount
Repayment Frequency    Monthly
EMI Start Date   EMI End Date
ROI (Per Annum)                           % 
Repayment to be made 
Security                                                  Primary Asset
Broken Period Interest (if any) 
Processing Fee
Credit Life Insurance Premium 
Accident Protection Plan Premium
Motor Insurance Premium (Funded / Non Funded) 
Documentation Charges 
Valuation Charges
Other Charges (to specify)     
Net Disbursement Amount 
Loan to be disbursed in favor of  
Number of PDC / NACH / SIAgreement Date:LOAN SANCTION TERMS & SCHEDULE
 Signature of Borrower Co-Borrower Co-Borrower 2  Guarantor 
DRAFT
Signature of Borrower                          Co-Borrower                          Co-Borrower 2                          Guarantor -2-
DRAFT
 Signature of Borrower Co-Borrower Co-Borrower 2  Guarantor 
ESFBG_2983_10_09_21Charges / Fees Service Request type / Items 
NACH / Cheque return Charges
 
Car Loans New & Use
    
Processing Fee 
LCV Loan
 2 & 3 Wheeler Loan
Documentation charges - All Vehicle Loans
Default Penal interest rate
NOC to convert from private to commercial
NOC for Commercial to Personal Use
Cancellation of contract (other than foreclosure and prepayment 
interest) at speciﬁc request of the borrower and agreed by the 
lender (Car loans / CV Loans - Both New & Used) 
Cancellation of contract (other than foreclosure and prepayment 
interest) at speciﬁc request of the borrower and agreed by the 
lender (Two & Three Wheeler Loans)
Loan Rebooking charge/ NOC for LPG , CNG conversion etc 
NOC for interstate Transfers/ NOC for renewing permit/ NOC for 
double clutch ﬁtting or modiﬁcation of Asset
Issue of Duplicate copy of the Agreement
Issue of Duplicate NOC/ NOC for Duplicate Registration Certiﬁcate / 
Any other NOC or certiﬁcate as per RTO 
Statement of Account/ Repayment Schedule/Account Outstanding 
Break up Statement / Old record search charges / NOC for changing 
address in RC book/ Deed holding certiﬁcate closure letter charge
  EMI Amount Up to 6000 
Colelction Charge   6001 to 12000
   12001 to 20000 
   20001 above 
Collection charge for non PDC / NACH cases (Per Cheque) for non 
payment on due date (applicable in case NACH not getting 
registered and customer no cooperating to rectify the same) 
NACH or ECS or PDC Swap Charges 
Pre-closure charges (Fixed Rates) for all Vehicle Loans
Pre-closure charges (Floating Rates) for all Vehicle LoansRs.750/- per instance for Car Loan / Commercial Vehicle loans and
Rs 500 /- per instance for all other loans 
New Car :  1 % + GST
Used Car :  2 % + GST  
LCV New :  1.5 % + GST
LCV Used :  2 % + GST
3 % + GST
Rs. 1250 /- + GST  (RC Charges Extra)
2.50 % p.m
Rs. 5000/-
Rs. 2000/-
Rs. 2000/- + Interest at customer IRR for no of days between the date 
of disbursement and the date of receipt of funds for cancellation of 
contract 
Rs. 1000/- + Interest at customer IRR for no of days between the date 
of disbursement and the date of receipt of funds for cancellation of 
contract 
Rs. 2000/-
Rs. 1000/-
Rs. 500/-
Rs. 1000/- 
Rs. 750/- 
Rs. 350/-                                                                                                                                                   
Rs. 600/-                                                                                                                          
Rs. 750/-
Rs. 900/-
Rs. 500/-
Rs. 750/-
< 6 M: 8%
6 M - 12 M: 6%
12 M: 4%
As per RBI guidelines 
* GST as applicableBorrower Name 
Loan Purpose  
Scheme 
Vehicle / Loan Type  
Manufacturer  
Model / Variant  
Vehicle Registration No (For Used Vehicles) 
Year of Manufacturer (applicable of both New & Used vehicle)  
Chassis No (applicable for Used Vehicle loan)  
Invoice (Ex showroom Cost) OR  Valuation Amount  
On Road Cost  
Dealer Name  
Loan Amount                             
Diﬀerence Amount / Margin Money  
LTV (%) 
Loan Tenor (in Months)  
No of advance Instalments (in case of Adv Instalment Scheme)                                 EMI Amount
Repayment Frequency    Monthly
EMI Start Date   EMI End Date
ROI (Per Annum)                           % 
Repayment to be made 
Security                                                  Primary Asset
Broken Period Interest (if any) 
Processing Fee
Credit Life Insurance Premium 
Accident Protection Plan Premium
Motor Insurance Premium (Funded / Non Funded) 
Documentation Charges 
Valuation Charges
Other Charges (to specify)     
Net Disbursement Amount 
Loan to be disbursed in favor of  
Number of PDC / NACH / SIAgreement Date:LOAN SANCTION TERMS & SCHEDULE
 Signature of Borrower Co-Borrower Co-Borrower 2  Guarantor 
DRAFT
Signature of Borrower                          Co-Borrower                          Co-Borrower 2                          Guarantor -2-
DRAFT
 Signature of Borrower Co-Borrower Co-Borrower 2  Guarantor 
ESFBG_2983_10_09_21Charges / Fees Service Request type / Items 
NACH / Cheque return Charges
 
Car Loans New & Use
    
Processing Fee 
LCV Loan
 2 & 3 Wheeler Loan
Documentation charges - All Vehicle Loans
Default Penal interest rate
NOC to convert from private to commercial
NOC for Commercial to Personal Use
Cancellation of contract (other than foreclosure and prepayment 
interest) at speciﬁc request of the borrower and agreed by the 
lender (Car loans / CV Loans - Both New & Used) 
Cancellation of contract (other than foreclosure and prepayment 
interest) at speciﬁc request of the borrower and agreed by the 
lender (Two & Three Wheeler Loans)
Loan Rebooking charge/ NOC for LPG , CNG conversion etc 
NOC for interstate Transfers/ NOC for renewing permit/ NOC for 
double clutch ﬁtting or modiﬁcation of Asset
Issue of Duplicate copy of the Agreement
Issue of Duplicate NOC/ NOC for Duplicate Registration Certiﬁcate / 
Any other NOC or certiﬁcate as per RTO 
Statement of Account/ Repayment Schedule/Account Outstanding 
Break up Statement / Old record search charges / NOC for changing 
address in RC book/ Deed holding certiﬁcate closure letter charge
  EMI Amount Up to 6000 
Colelction Charge   6001 to 12000
   12001 to 20000 
   20001 above 
Collection charge for non PDC / NACH cases (Per Cheque) for non 
payment on due date (applicable in case NACH not getting 
registered and customer no cooperating to rectify the same) 
NACH or ECS or PDC Swap Charges 
Pre-closure charges (Fixed Rates) for all Vehicle Loans
Pre-closure charges (Floating Rates) for all Vehicle LoansRs.750/- per instance for Car Loan / Commercial Vehicle loans and
Rs 500 /- per instance for all other loans 
New Car :  1 % + GST
Used Car :  2 % + GST  
LCV New :  1.5 % + GST
LCV Used :  2 % + GST
3 % + GST
Rs. 1250 /- + GST  (RC Charges Extra)
2.50 % p.m
Rs. 5000/-
Rs. 2000/-
Rs. 2000/- + Interest at customer IRR for no of days between the date 
of disbursement and the date of receipt of funds for cancellation of 
contract 
Rs. 1000/- + Interest at customer IRR for no of days between the date 
of disbursement and the date of receipt of funds for cancellation of 
contract 
Rs. 2000/-
Rs. 1000/-
Rs. 500/-
Rs. 1000/- 
Rs. 750/- 
Rs. 350/-                                                                                                                                                   
Rs. 600/-                                                                                                                          
Rs. 750/-
Rs. 900/-
Rs. 500/-
Rs. 750/-
< 6 M: 8%
6 M - 12 M: 6%
12 M: 4%
As per RBI guidelines 
* GST as applicableBorrower Name 
Loan Purpose  
Scheme 
Vehicle / Loan Type  
Manufacturer  
Model / Variant  
Vehicle Registration No (For Used Vehicles) 
Year of Manufacturer (applicable of both New & Used vehicle)  
Chassis No (applicable for Used Vehicle loan)  
Invoice (Ex showroom Cost) OR  Valuation Amount  
On Road Cost  
Dealer Name  
Loan Amount                             
Diﬀerence Amount / Margin Money  
LTV (%) 
Loan Tenor (in Months)  
No of advance Instalments (in case of Adv Instalment Scheme)                                 EMI Amount
Repayment Frequency    Monthly
EMI Start Date   EMI End Date
ROI (Per Annum)                           % 
Repayment to be made 
Security                                                  Primary Asset
Broken Period Interest (if any) 
Processing Fee
Credit Life Insurance Premium 
Accident Protection Plan Premium
Motor Insurance Premium (Funded / Non Funded) 
Documentation Charges 
Valuation Charges
Other Charges (to specify)     
Net Disbursement Amount 
Loan to be disbursed in favor of  
Number of PDC / NACH / SIAgreement Date:LOAN SANCTION TERMS & SCHEDULE
 Signature of Borrower Co-Borrower Co-Borrower 2  Guarantor 
DRAFT
Signature of Borrower                          Co-Borrower                          Co-Borrower 2                          Guarantor -2-
DRAFT
 Signature of Borrower Co-Borrower Co-Borrower 2  Guarantor 
ESFBG_2983_10_09_21Charges / Fees Service Request type / Items 
NACH / Cheque return Charges
 
Car Loans New & Use
    
Processing Fee 
LCV Loan
 2 & 3 Wheeler Loan
Documentation charges - All Vehicle Loans
Default Penal interest rate
NOC to convert from private to commercial
NOC for Commercial to Personal Use
Cancellation of contract (other than foreclosure and prepayment 
interest) at speciﬁc request of the borrower and agreed by the 
lender (Car loans / CV Loans - Both New & Used) 
Cancellation of contract (other than foreclosure and prepayment 
interest) at speciﬁc request of the borrower and agreed by the 
lender (Two & Three Wheeler Loans)
Loan Rebooking charge/ NOC for LPG , CNG conversion etc 
NOC for interstate Transfers/ NOC for renewing permit/ NOC for 
double clutch ﬁtting or modiﬁcation of Asset
Issue of Duplicate copy of the Agreement
Issue of Duplicate NOC/ NOC for Duplicate Registration Certiﬁcate / 
Any other NOC or certiﬁcate as per RTO 
Statement of Account/ Repayment Schedule/Account Outstanding 
Break up Statement / Old record search charges / NOC for changing 
address in RC book/ Deed holding certiﬁcate closure letter charge
  EMI Amount Up to 6000 
Colelction Charge   6001 to 12000
   12001 to 20000 
   20001 above 
Collection charge for non PDC / NACH cases (Per Cheque) for non 
payment on due date (applicable in case NACH not getting 
registered and customer no cooperating to rectify the same) 
NACH or ECS or PDC Swap Charges 
Pre-closure charges (Fixed Rates) for all Vehicle Loans
Pre-closure charges (Floating Rates) for all Vehicle LoansRs.750/- per instance for Car Loan / Commercial Vehicle loans and
Rs 500 /- per instance for all other loans 
New Car :  1 % + GST
Used Car :  2 % + GST  
LCV New :  1.5 % + GST
LCV Used :  2 % + GST
3 % + GST
Rs. 1250 /- + GST  (RC Charges Extra)
2.50 % p.m
Rs. 5000/-
Rs. 2000/-
Rs. 2000/- + Interest at customer IRR for no of days between the date 
of disbursement and the date of receipt of funds for cancellation of 
contract 
Rs. 1000/- + Interest at customer IRR for no of days between the date 
of disbursement and the date of receipt of funds for cancellation of 
contract 
Rs. 2000/-
Rs. 1000/-
Rs. 500/-
Rs. 1000/- 
Rs. 750/- 
Rs. 350/-                                                                                                                                                   
Rs. 600/-                                                                                                                          
Rs. 750/-
Rs. 900/-
Rs. 500/-
Rs. 750/-
< 6 M: 8%
6 M - 12 M: 6%
12 M: 4%
As per RBI guidelines 
* GST as applicable